# **User Stories**
We'll be using the Fibonacci sequence for estimating the user stories.

## Priority Level: Highest
- As Davinder/Anson (a student), I want to sign up so that I can login.

- As Davinder/Anson (a student), I want to be able to sign in so that I can see the classes I'm currently enrolled and use the features offered (quizzes, attendance etc.).

- As Davinder/Anson (a student), I want to be able to sign out so that I can sign out of the application.

- As a teacher, I want to be able to create a class so that students can enrol in the classlist for that class.

- As Davinder/Anson (a student), I want to be able to join a class given a class link so that I can enrol in the class to participate in the in-class quizzes, get my attendance taken, and download material that the teacher posted.


## Priority Level: High
- As a teacher, I want to be able to upload content (e.g. slides) to specific classes so that students have access to the material.

- As Davinder/Anson (a student), I want to be able to download content from the classes I'm enrolled in so that I can review the material for upcoming tests/exams.

- As a teacher, I should be able to start a quiz during lecture so that students answer the question that's currently being asked during that quiz.

- As a teacher, I should be able to see the classlist for a particular class and the grades for each student so that I can edit the grades if needed.

- As a teacher, I should be able to make quizzes that include multiple choice and true/false questions so that I can quiz the students during lecture.

- As a teacher, I should be able to take attendance for the students that were present in lecture by having the students connect to the quiz via a random code generated by tophat. This is done so that I can prevent the students from connecting to tophat via the internet when they're not in lecture.

## Priority Level: Medium
- As Davinder/Anson (a student), I should be able to see the marks for all the quizzes/tests I've done so that I can determine my grade for that particular course.

- As a teacher, I should be able to view the exact number of students who selected the correct answers during a quiz so that I can focus on what concepts require furthur explanatations.


## Priority Level: Low
- As Davinder/Anson (a student), I should be able to use the mobile version of the app so that I won't have to bring my laptop to school when I answer in class quizzes.

## Priority Level: Lowest
- As Davinder/Anson (a student), I should be able to use a sleek UI and robust animations using the material pallete so that I can navigate the app effortlessly.
