# Summary

Our project will focus on the development of a student engagement platform, similar to Tophat. The main objective is to have a completed version of the application in which teachers can use it in their classrooms as an effective teaching/assessment tool.

The users of the application will be university professors / highschool teachers and students. Using our application, professors and teachers will be able to create online assessments and quizzes to assign to their students during class, specifically students which attend their classes. In addition, professors and teachers will be able to view statistics such as quiz averages and student attendance.  Our application will only allow a student to participate in online evaluations, if the student is present in the class. As a student, it will be possible to view grades on past evaluations and complete quizzes given by a teacher, while also providing an incentive to come prepared to class to answer quiz material. As a teacher, the product will be used to prepare and deliver online in-class quizzes and assessments, which will reduce all the time spent marking. 

All members on the team will participate in weekly SCRUM meetings for 15 minutes where questions and expectations for the sprint will be addressed. Once the set of userstories for the sprint is selected, each member will be given an approximately equal of userstories to complete. Each member will be expected to complete their assigned userstories. If a person is falling behind with a userstory, they should inform the other group members about the issue to help catch up before the sprint is over.

Each commit will be contain stable changes to userstories. Commit messages will well-documented (i.e. clear, concise and written in present tense (imperative)).  For each userstory, there will be a separate branch created to track the progress of the story. Also, when the story is complete, the branch will be merged with the master branch. No direct work will be done on the master branch.  
